Privacy Policy: 

Last updated: April 2, 2023.

1. DEFINITIONS.

2. DATA COLLECTION 3. USE OF DATA.

4. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION.

5. CONTACT US.


1. DEFINITIONS "hardware ID": A string that uniquely and consistently identifies a given specific machine or device. "IP address" and "IP": Unique string of characters that your device uses to send Internet Protocols. "headset": The device you are running the game on. "I", "we", "us", "our", "DeeJr", "Fireball": The developer(s). "services", "game": Games/services developed and published by Eclipse Studios


2. DATA COLLECTION A. Hardware ID Your hardware ID gets collected by PlayFab to log into your PlayFab/Monke Buddys.  B. IP Address Your IP address gets stored on your PlayFab/Monkey VR account. C. Removal of PlayFab/Monkey VR account If you are unhappy with the data collected and you want your account and all data tied to you deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below. 


3. USE OF DATA We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, and for administrative/moderation purposes, as described below. A: IP Address As stated in Section 2A, your IP address gets stored on your PlayFab/Monkey VR account and is only be used for IP bans and other moderation purposes. B: Third-party services We do not have any control over our third-party services, if you are interested in knowing more information please read the privacy policy for our third-party services listed bellow: PlayFab - https://playfab.com/terms/ Photon - https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy This section will be updated as more services get added to our game(s). 


4. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described in Section 6 below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable. 


5. CONTACT US If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at. Email: EclipseStudios710@gmail.com
